README.md, before:

# Udacity-react-Project 2 Readable
This app is a reddit or hn clone.

# Quick Start

Clone the repo in your project folder

```
git clone https://github.com/codekendo/reactnd-project-readable.git
```

There will be 2 folders one server and the other app.
Start the server first by going into folder and install dependencies.

```
npm install
```

Run it
```
node server.js
```

To run the app install the dependencies

```
npm install
```

Start the App

```
npm start

```

# Contributing

This is a demo for a course, I will not be accepting any pull requests.
If you need to discuss an issue please contact via [email](brandonwong@fastmail.com)

# License
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Brandon Wong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

update: changed the wording on file structure of the project to be a little bit more clear

README.md, after:

# Udacity-react-Project 2 Readable
This app is a reddit or hn clone.

# Quick Start

Clone the repo in your project folder

```
git clone https://github.com/codekendo/reactnd-project-readable.git
```

There will be 2 folders inside the reactnd-project-readable
folder, one called server that runs a local server and the
other called app that runs react/redux app.
```
reactnd-project-readable
|      README.md
|______app
|      |    (app files)
|______server
|      |    (server files)
````

Start the server first by going into folder and install dependencies.

```
cd server
npm install
```

Run it
```
node server.js
```

To run the app install the dependencies

```
cd app
npm install
```

Start the App

```
npm start

```

# Contributing

This is a demo for a course, I will not be accepting any pull requests.
If you need to discuss an issue please contact via [email](brandonwong@fastmail.com)

# License
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Brandon Wong

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
